Update README.md (#58)
TakeScoop/.github: README.md

You can view the full set of configurable values in the [Settings documentation](https://github.com/probot/settings).

#### Default Branch Protection

> Branch protection is not applied to a repository that is empty when created due to limitations with the API that settings bot uses. To apply the branch protection organization defaults, initialize the repository with any content or add a `settings.yml` file after creation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Branch protection is not applied to a repository that is empty when created due to limitations with the API that Settings uses. To apply the branch protection organization defaults, initialize the repository with a readme or add a `settings.yml` file after creation.
```
